THIS IS A WEB APPLICATION

What is Connek?

Connek is a personal tool that will allow users to enhance their social network by organizing their contacts and keeping track the last time the user has seen them. A user can Create Replace Update Delete contacts with their name, number, image, and more details. With many contacts you can also create a group which would represent a certain friend group or a business network. The group itself will show each user their images and numbers and will have its own name and image. User can organize each contact or group with a tag and search for people in your network relating to that tag eg. Gym Tag. To keep track of when the last time the user seen contact or group, User can click button signifying that User has seen contact or the group in person. This will then reset the count of last time seen (in days, weeks, years). Each day passing the count will increase until the User hits the "Connected" button. After hitting the button You have the option to add notes to the interaction which you can outline certain discussion topics, or activities you have done with contact/group. All these notes and times you have "connected" with a contact/group will be archived in a journal like feature in each contact/group that shows a timeline of all the interactinos. You may also send invitations to contacts/groups by pressing another button which will have default message that can be changed and sent to imessage, gmail, etc to the intended reciever. This application can be used in many different purposes, College Students, Professional life. It is just an application to keep track of you network.